About Your Trip  
Looming near the fertile sprawl of the Mekong Delta, Ho Chi Minh City is a huge, gleaming city permeated with history. It was called Saigon for centuries, including when, as the seat of the South Vietnamese government, it figured prominently during the Vietnam War. Its contemporary verve and historical monuments make it one of Southeast Asia’s most satisfying destinations.

Gain insight into Vietnamese history as well as hands-on knowledge of the country’s cuisine with this DreamTrip getaway to Ho Chi Minh City. You’ll take a day trip to visit HCM Agricultural Villages, a one-of-a-kind setting for exploring the traditional lifestyles of rural Vietnam. You’ll take a Vietnamese cooking class, turning garden-plucked ingredients into classic regional dishes. Another outing takes you on a guided underground tour of the Cu Chi tunnels, a labyrinthine subterranean network that played a critical role during the Vietnam War.


What's Included

4 days and 30nights at Sheraton Saigon Hotel & Towers, 88 Dong Khoi, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Featuring standard accommodations with 1 king or 2 twin beds. Complimentary Wi-Fi throughout the hotel.
3 breakfasts, 1 lunch, 1 dinner. 
HCM Agricultural Villages tour and cooking class.
Cu Chi tunnels Tour.
An In-destination Support Specialist will be provided when 20 or more adults book this trip. Their goal is to ensure you have a great DreamTrips experience from landing to liftoff. They host a welcome reception on arrival day, attend scheduled activities throughout the trip, notify the group of itinerary updates and more.
Your trip includes 2 airport transfers:
March 11 between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m., timing based on arrival: From Tan Son Nhat International Airport to hotel.
March 14 between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m., timing based on arrival: From hotel to Tan Son Nhat International Airport.
To take advantage of round-trip airport transfers, you must provide your flight information to the DreamTrips Specialist no later than February 5. These transfers are available only for the airport(s) and dates listed above. Click here to give us your flight information. Transfers will not be offered if the flight information is not received by the deadline and transfers at any other time will incur a separate charge. Do not email flight information to the DreamTrips Specialist.
 Air transportation is not included. The closest commercial airport is Tan Son Nhat International Airport (SGN).

For any questions regarding this trip, contact the DreamTrips Specialist at DreamTrips@rovia.com.

Check-in: 3 p.m. Check-out: noon.


Hotel Details

You’ll stay in Ho Chi Minh City’s grand-scale center at the Sheraton Saigon Hotel & Towers, close to such attractions as Independence Palace (also known as Reunification Palace) and the Ho Chi Minh City Municipal Theatre (also known as Saigon Opera House).

Along with its prime location, the hotel offers the Aqua Day Spa, a sauna, an outdoor lap swimming pool and the Sheraton Fitness Center, which overlooks the pool and winter garden. Restaurants at the hotel are include the Level 23 Signature Restaurant & Wine Bar, Li Bai Chinese Restaurant, Mojo Café and Saigon Café.

Enjoy gatherings with friends at the Grand Tower Lounge, where you’ll find a view of the pool and complimentary snacks.

Sheraton Saigon Hotel & Towers
88 Dong Khoi
District 1, Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam